Leslie stretched her arms out with a yawn as she woke up to the sound of birds chirping outside. Her hair was in a bed state, completely messy, her half asleep eyes falling to her alarm clock.

"9:25 am..." She read out quietly. She looked around her room, looking at the writings on it. Oh yeah... That's right. I'm back.

A small and faint smile appeared on her lips. She got out of bed and went over to the window to look outside. She pulled it up to open it, sticking her head out to feel the cool fresh air.

Once the cold wind hit her skin, a very satisfied smile grew on her lips as she closed her eyes to feel everything around her. After a moment of peace and quietness, she opened her blue eyes and looked over to the Aarons's house, basically Jess's room.

"Maybe he's still sleeping..." She mumbled to herself, seeing that the lights were still off in his room. After a while of watching the window she found herself to be feeling creepy so she stepped back and took a breath before going to her closet to get a new set of clothes to wear for today.

As soon as she finished making her bed and tidying herself up, she slowly crept down the stairs and headed to the kitchen to have her breakfast.

"Hey honey," she heard Judy's voice as she entered the living room, finding her mother sitting on the couch, drinking a cup of coffee while Bill was in the kitchen, making breakfast. "Good morning!"

"Morning Judy, Bill." Leslie chirped as she went over to hug her before going to the kitchen and hugging Bill behind.

"So did you sleep well?" Bill asked her with a chuckle as she took her seat behind the dining table, waiting for her breakfast to be done.

"It was okay I guess." She shrugged her shoulders. Bill set her plate on the table and then went over to the living room to give Judy's hers. "The bed was really comfy!" She showed a goofy grin.

"So is Jess coming over today?" Judy came to the kitchen with her breakfast and her coffee in her hands. She took a seat opposite to Leslie and started eating her breakfast.

"Yeah," she said, stuffing in the pan cakes in her mouth. "He said he would." She continued after swallowing her food.
The rest of their breakfast was lively and chatty, with laughter filling up the the table.

"So what'd you do with Leslie yesterday?" May Belle excitedly asked her brother as their family ate their breakfast.
"We went to..." He showed her the look, giving a grin. He couldn't let their parents know about it, ever. It was just his, May Belle's and of course, Leslie's place.

"So I'm guessing that Leslie girl is looking pretty," said Ellie, pouring Joyce Ann some milk in her bowl. "It was pretty clear that she'd turn into a beauty when we saw her."
Brenda nodded her head along with a grin.

Jess chocked on his own food, going into fits of cough, making him drink his glass of water finished.

"Ooo Mommy! Jess is choking!" Joyce Ann pointed at his brother with a giggle.

"Jess, eat your food properly," his mother said, patting her son's back before handling her children's finished dishes and going to the sink to wash them. "You're going to Leslie's later right?"

"Yeah," Jess laid his head down on the wooden table. "I can right?"

"Sure." Said his mother.


"Who's this Leslie? I wanna meet her!" Joyce Ann whined. Oh yeah, she never got to meet Leslie before in person. Maybe as a baby, but she was too young to even remember it.

May Belle turned to her, rolling her eyes. She always didn't like Joyce Ann because now that she's grown older, Joyce Ann was their little girl now.

"You can't meet her," she snickered. "She doesn't want to."

"What?" Joyce Ann got teary eyed once she heard May Belle's words. She turned to her mom with a pout. "Is that true mommy?"

The siblings chuckled at their baby sister's innocent nature. Jess couldn't help but feel a bit pity for Joyce Ann since May Belle was so mean to her.

"Of course not hunny," their mother said, caressing her daughter's cheek. "Leslie's a good girl. I'm sure she'll like you."
Jess raised his head up and rested his chin on the palm of his hand as he looked at Joyce Ann. "May Belle's just kidding Joyce, Leslie loves kids."

He gave her a reassuring smile as he got up from the table and went to Joyce Ann's side to give her a peck on her cheek and then ruffling May Belle's hair before heading towards the door.

"I'll come back later, see ya guys."

"Don't stay out too long, you still have chores to do later." He heard his father's voice as he left the house.
He quickly walked to the Burke's property, rushing to see Leslie again. Best friends right?

A knock came upon the door, turning heads towards the entrance.

"That must be Jess!" Leslie whispered sharply with excitement in her voice, getting up from the table.

"Slow down lil girl!" She could hear Bill talking as she walked towards the door.

She then opened the door, revealing Jess who had his hands behind his back as if he was trying to look formal and respectful for whatever reason.

"What's the occasion?" She laughed, pulling him inside a moment later. Jess gladly let her lead him to the kitchen where the Burke's were likely at.

"Good morning Jess." Bill greeted him with a small smile. Judy nodded her head and returned back to eating.

"Good morning Bill," Jess said. He turned to Judy, unsure if he was supposed to call her Mrs Burke or just Judy. They rarely conversed with each other and when they did, it was just for a brief moment. Judy raised her head to him and smiled. "Judy," she said. " Just call me Judy, Jess."

Jess nodded his head. "Good morning Judy."

He couldn't help but blush when he called Leslie's mom by her first name. It just didn't sit right with him! Nevertheless, he continued with the informal greetings.

"Come on!" Leslie grabbed his arm and ran to the door before Jess could even properly bid goodbye to the Burke's .


They trailed along the stream, walking towards the path to Terabithia except this was a way that they had never gone to before when they were kids.

"So where are we going today?" Leslie walked in front of him and then carefully jumped to the river and hopped onto the rocks, getting across the other side. Although the water wasn't rapid or that deep, it still looked risky enough to not dare to jump across.

"It's a secret..." Jess whispered, trying to hide his fear from her as he tried to jump across as well.

It wasn't that he was afraid. He had done this before, alone, when he was just wondering around. But now that Leslie was back, he was more cautious of things especially when it has something to do with her.

He carefully jumped onto the rocks, skipping some along the way to quicken the time to get to the other side with Leslie. After doing so, he told Leslie to come along and ran towards the deeper ends of the forest.

In a minute or so, they arrived at a foot of a huge tree where an old tree house could be seen on it. Near the tree house were ropes to climb to get up from below and climb up to the tree house. The most noticeable thing was that even though the house itself looked old, there was a sign at the front where it had the words painted - 'nothing crushes us' and had a painting of swords and shields on it.

"What's this?" Leslie showed him a confused expression.
Jess went closer to the tree and then took the rope, gesturing for her to take it so she can go up. Leslie crinkled her nose and then shook her head, pushing away the rope.
"I'll climb it up myself."

"Really?"

"What's the matter? It's just climbing."

She started climbing up, ignoring the dirt that was dirtying her clothes. As she reached the end and went to the tree house itself, Jess followed behind by using his usual route - the rope.

"Is this yours?" She asked as they came into the room. "Ours actually," Jess corrected her, leaning on the wall as she continued to look around.

He blushed when Leslie picked up his teddy bear, blue.

"That-that was actually yours-"

Leslie looked back at him and then giggled, "I may not remember Terabithia, but I still do remember what I owned and liked," she placed the toy on top of her head and fiddled with it. "Besides, it's really cute!"

Jess blushed as they continued to walk around the room. Leslie suddenly laughed as she looked at the drawings that she and Jess made when they were younger.

"I was such a goof back then," she giggled, staring at her drawings and then looking at Jess's.

"So what happened to your drawings? Have you made any progress?"

Jess blushed and shrugged his shoulders. "I don't know," he scratched his cheek. "I have some drawings that I made a few months ago in my room."

Leslie grinned at him, "you better show 'em to me later after this." She continued scanning around the room and noticed a paper that didn't seem familiar to her. "Okay I know that I'm not really good at drawing but..." She pointed to the paper and wore a confused face. "I'm sure that my drawing isn't this... Well..."

"Kiddish like it was drawn by a 7 yr old?" He cut her off with a chuckle. He walked to her and then traced his fingers along the drawing and then pointed with his thumb to a wooden box.

"May Belle drew it," he got down and then took a magnifying glass out of the box and handed it over to her. She raised her eye brow in question before taking it from him and placing it to her eye and analyzing the drawing.

"Drawn by May belle..." She read out quietly. A small smile grew on her lips, placing the magnifying glass on top of the wooden box. Jess looked at her uneasily as he ruffled his brown hair. "You're not mad are you?"

"Mad?" Her tone as if surprised by his question. "Why would I be mad?" She put her hands behind her back and walked out of the room.

Jess slowly walked behind her and leaned on the wall.
"Well..." He trailed off as his eyes looked around the forest, trying to think of an excuse to say. "I don't know..."

Leslie looked back at him with a goofy grin. "The more the merrier right? Can't believe you'd think that I'd be angry about this," she said in a jokingly manner.

She looked at the ground and stared at it for a while. There was a moment of silence as she thought. Finally, Jess asked her, "what are you doing?"

"Can you actually jump from here and land safely to the ground with the Terabithia Magic?" She asked without turning around. Jess started walking over to her, still confused by her question. "Well yeah but.."

Before he could even finish, Leslie decided to do the most stupidest thing that could be done at the moment.
Without another second thought, she jumped from the tree house, Jess's eyes widening in shock as he watched her escape from his sight.

"Leslie-!"

He immediately jumped to the edge to see if she was alright, injured, or even worse.
His eyes darted over to the blonde girl who was smiling at him with her arms wide open.

The 2 best friends walked to the bridge, chatting away happily with laughter filling up the place. She finally remembered. She remembered Terabithia.

"You almost gave me a heart attack you know," Jess joked.

"That was my plan." Leslie laughed as she playfully pushed him away with one hand.
They continued with their playful antics to each other before arriving to the bridge.

As they walked over to the bridge, a thunder roared across the sky, making them both look up. The clouds were getting darker and darker by the second and the wind was getting chillier and chillier. Jess looked over at Leslie who seemed to be feeling colder by the minute as she cuddled herself. He was wearing a jacket, just in case if the situation ever ends up like this but Leslie, she was wearing her usual eccentric style of clothing, except that her jacket was missing.

He then went behind her and took off his jacket, wrapping it around her shivering shoulders. Leslie gave him a questioning look before reluctantly using his jacket.

"Thanks," she smiled. "But what about you?"
Jess started walking forward, "I'm a guy, this is nothing to me."

Before they even knew it, rain drops started coming down, and soon the heavy rain came after. They dashed across the bridge and then to the hills, and later arriving at the road.
To be fair, the Aarons's house were nearer so they decided to head back to Jess's place together instead.

Jess shook his head vigorously as he let the water fall from his hair. He took off his shoes and placed them to the shoe box before opening the door. Leslie did the same thing and then entered his house.

"You're back so soon?" They heard Ellie's voice. She peered over her shoulder and looked at Jess, not noticing Leslie's presence. "Dry yourself up dude." She rolled her eyes and went back to watching the TV. Leslie looked at Jess with an eye brow raised before whispering, "does she know I'm here?"
Jess looked at her and shrugged his shoulders.

In a minute or so, realization hit Ellie. She looked back at them with eyes wide open before looking at Leslie.
"Oh you're here!"

"Who's here?" They heard Jess's mom, Mary, speak all the way from the kitchen. A few seconds later, she came out and approached them. "Oh, Leslie!"

Ellie, just then noticing that they were both soaking wet, jumped up to her feet and went to her bedroom to get some stuff.

"My you 2 are dripping wet!" Mary ushered them to the couch, not giving a care if it'd get wet. Ellie then rushed down from the stairs with 2 towels in her hand. She threw the blue one over to Jess and gently handed over the red one to Leslie before going back up.

As Leslie took off Jess's jacket, she walked around shyly and then looked at Mary. "Where should I put this mam?" She asked politely. "Just put it over the rack Leslie," Mary responded with a small smile as she dialed the Burke's to make sure they knew that Leslie was at their place.

"Yes hello, this is Mrs Aarons- Mary. Yes, I'm just calling to inform you that..."

Leslie returned back to Jess's side after putting his jacket on the racket. She looked at the window, looking at how heavy the rain was. Didn't seem like she was going to go home any sooner now.

"Hey mom, Joyce needs some help with her assignment about some family history or something..." They could hear Brenda speaking as she went down the stairs. She looked over to Jess and then to Leslie before looking at her mom who was over the phone and then to Leslie again.

"Oh." She mouthed. She gave Leslie a warm smile before quickly going back up. It just felt weird for a girl that was Jess's age to be in the house.

"Yes, okay-" Mary put down the phone and then turned to Jess and Leslie. "You kids can take a bath upstairs," she went back to the phone again.
Both of them took Mary's word and headed upstairs with the towels wrapped around their body.

As they came into the hallway of the rooms, Leslie asked Jess, "so who's going first?"
Jess headed for his room. "You go. Ladies first right?" He smirked before opening the door and then entering it. Leslie smiled at him and then headed to the bathroom, closing it and then locking it later.

Jess collapsed to his bed, ignoring how wet his bed would be later. He stared at at the ceiling, his towel draped around his neck. Who would've thought, that a girl, Leslie for that matter, was going to take a SHOWER in his house! Sure, they've slept together when they were kids at the tree house in Terabithia before since they were still innocent little kids but now, they're all grown up. Mature. At that phase.

"Oh lord you seriously have to stop it Jess!" He hissed darkly, pulling his hair in frustration. He sat up and looked at the door, any moment now she could just come in with whatever she's going to wear with her dripping wet and all. What is he talking about, girls take VERY long in the bathroom...

He let out a sigh and then got up, going to the small box he had underneath his study table.

Leslie slowly took off her clothes and put them on the racket near the tub. As she turned on the shower, water droplets dropped, sliding on her smooth and frail skin. She closed her eyes as she felt the small drops sliding off, her hair getting wetter and wetter.

"Leslie?" She heard a knock coming from the door. She looked over to the door and then closed the curtains. "Yes?"

"It's me Ellie. I just came to drop you off some old clothes of mine, can I come in?"

Leslie turned off the shower and then wrapped the towel around her body before unlocking the door. Ellie quickly went in and then locked the door before placing the set of clothes near the sink.
"Thank you." Leslie wore a smile before going into the shower and then taking off he towel. She put her arm out with the towel in her hand, "can you erm..."

"I got it," Ellie responded and took the towel, putting it back to the rack again. As she did so, she looked over to Leslie, a thought appearing in her mind.

"Say, we have this sort of Aaron's tradition and," a smirk grew on her lips. "We scrub the girls' back when we're taking a bath, it's a family tradition for girls."

Ellie pushed aside the curtain and went behind Leslie.
"Hope you don't mind," she grabbed the scrub.

A sharp gasp escaped Ellie's lips when she looked at Leslie's back.

"Leslie... You-"

"I know..." Leslie peered over her shoulder and looked at Ellie with a sad smile.
"Don't tell anyone, please?"


The door opened, making Jess immediately turn to the door. Leslie then entered his room, wearing an oversized red T-shirt that Ellie wore last time and a rather very SHORT shorts. Her towel was hanging around her neck, her hair still a bit wet from the shower.

"Guess I hogged up the bathroom huh." She chuckled as she walked around his room and looked at the furniture and the stuff on his wall.

Jess shook his head and then ruffled his almost dry wet hair. "Well you were certainly long..." He trailed and got up from his bed, heading out to the bathroom. He looked at Leslie again who was comfortably walking around and touching his stuff. He didn't mind. At least if it's Leslie touching them that is.


As Leslie walked around the room, looking at his furniture, Jess slowly closed the door and then left. She peered over her shoulder to make sure that he was gone before going to his bed and lying on it.

"Wow..." She sighed. It made her feel weird lying down on his bed, much less a BOY's bed. Ew don't think about such things, he's your best friend!


She rolled her eyes and then looked up to the ceiling and then sat up. She looked at the walls, noticing that there were quite an amount of drawings on it. The only thing that seemed to change in Jess's room was that there was a couple of rock bands posters on it. As she looked around, a small book got her attention.

She got up and then walked to his study table where the small book was. It seemed familiar. She took the dusty book and opened it, making the dust waft into her face.
"Ehem, ehem," she grunted as she tried to clear my throat. What the heck? Why is this so dusty?

She looked at the page and saw drawings, very creative drawings. She flipped some more and found that as the more she went deeper, the drawings were becoming sketches. From weird creative drawings to more realism. She finally turned to the last page, finding a realism drawing, a very good one of a girl with short hair who looked like her.

"Is this me...?" Leslie mumbled. She set the book down and looked at the walls again. Her eyes found itself looking at that one drawing where it seemed like color pencils were used. It was a tree house drawing, their tree house household on Terabithia!

She smiled as she looked at the rest of his things when suddenly she heard the door open.

"Took you long," she chuckled, approaching the wet haired Jess. "I thought boys were suppose to be fast."

Jess dried his hair up with the towel, "you took longer you know." He grinned as he walked to his bed and sat on it while Leslie went to the study table and sat on the office chair.

"So what happened to Ms Edmunds?" Leslie suddenly asked.

Jess stared at her with a puzzled face. Why suddenly the question?

"She married some guy and moved to New York..." He closed his eyes and folded his arms. "She has a kid now."

Leslie raised her eye brow and then smirked. "Bet that you got jealous when you heard that she got married huh," she chuckled and then leaned forward. "I still remember how you stared at her in class as if she was some goddess or something."

A blush crept to Jess's cheeks as Leslie continued teasing him about his crush with the music teacher.

"You were just staring at her like some creepy kid while the rest of us were getting the instruments!" She laughed and then tried to make a face that Jess was wearing at the time.

"You told me that that time to take a picture cause it'd last longer," Jess grinned. He then looked over his shoulder and looked at his pillow. Just for fun, he took the pillow and then showed a mischievous face before throwing it to her face. "Pillow fight Les!"

"What-" she yelped as the pillow hit her. A big smile grew on her lips. She got up to her feet and then grabbed the pillow, running to Jess before hitting him with it relentlessly.

"Ha ha ha!" She laughed as she hit him straight in the face. Jess smirked at her and then shoved the pillow to her face. "Got ya!"
Leslie leaned on him and then smacked him with the pillow for payback.

As Jess leaned back, he unintentionally grabbed Leslie's wrist and pulled her down to him, making them both lie in bed on top of each other. The fits of laughter died down and instead, there was a moment of silence, though Leslie was wearing a small smile.

Jess stared at Leslie's blue green orbs, completely taken away by the moment. He could smell her strawberry scent shampoo, her breath touching his skin. He was too afraid to even breathe, fearing that it might ruin the moment. Wait what moment?

Their lips were just a few inches apart and they just couldn't move.

"Leslie-!" The door opened ever so loudly, revealing May Belle with a big smile on her face. That is until she saw the position of the 2 favorite people she looks up to.

Leslie stuck her tongue out before pushing herself off of Jess upon seeing May Belle's appearance.
"Hey May Belle!" She beamed, clearing her throat. She averted Jess's gaze and got up, walking to May Belle.

Jess continued staring at Leslie before shaking his head. God damn what was he doing? He swore this happens too much...
He cleared his throat abruptly and then stood up.

"So, ahem," the girls looked at him. He opened his words but his throat felt parched and so, no words came out.

"I'm-I'm gonna go down to get some drink- ye-yeah." He awkwardly made his way to the door and left the girls alone.


When they heard Jess go down the stairs, May Belle closed the door and then turned to Leslie. "So what was that I saw earlier?" She smirked, leaning her body on the door with her arms crossed. She just heard that Leslie came over and figured that she'd be in Jess's room, but never did she think that she'd see them in a position like that.

Leslie let out a sigh and sat on Jess's bed. She tossed her head back and crossed her arms. What was she suppose to say, Jess pulled me over and we almost kissed? Hell no.

"Pillow fight." She said. "Yeah, pillow fight. That's what it was."


Jess shook his head hopelessly. He pushed his hair back and let his head thud against the wall. He closed his eyes and enjoyed the precious silence he had.

"Get your head straight Jess," he muttered. "You can't possibly like her."


The only reason why Jess was refusing to accept the fact that he liked her, was because he knew that it was impossible. It was impossible for her to like him and he was afraid of rejection. When he presumed that she had 'died' and well left him, he became different. He started doing stupid stuff and dating several girls. He was afraid that he'd hurt Leslie, the way he hurt those other girls. Stupid right?

He let out a soft sigh and opened his brown eyes, staring at the stairs. Those falls were happening too much. He walked to the refrigerator and got a glass of water. He slurped them all up and set the glass down.

"What's the matter now," his father's voice said. He looked at where the voice was coming from and found his father walking towards him with a strict face. "You only do that when you're stressed over something."

Jess shook his head to his father. "It's nothing."

"Doesn't seem like nothing."

His father lowered his voice as he walked past him and got a glass of juice before sitting down.

"So tell me, what's the problem?" He stated.

Jess pulled a seat out and then sat on it. He rested his chin on the palm of his hand before responding. "It's Leslie..."

His father seemed to be take a back from his response. He raised his eye brow and said, "what about the Burke girl?"

Burke girl... Jess managed to let a smirk come to his lips. "I think..." He trailed. "I think that I..." He drifted his words and looked at his father who looked as if he was getting impatient.

"I think I like her." He finally said.

His father leaned back on the chair and crossed his arms. His son likes his best friend. What a complicated situation. Especially with his kind. He looked at his son who looked confused over his feelings towards Leslie.

He cleared his throat, "so what's the problem with liking her?" His tone sounded more like a demand rather than a question.

"The problem is that I can't like her."

Jess almost yelled. He didn't understand it himself, but he just couldn't like her. Maybe the thing with Leslie was just puppy love like the same with Miss Edmunds, nothing more. Maybe it'd pass over time.

With that being said, Jess shook his head. "I didn't mean it that way," he sighed. "Leslie's my friend. My best friend. That's all she is."

His father looked at him for a minute before letting out a sigh.

"You really won't know if you like a girl. You might like her as a friend, or your best friend, or even as a girl. You won't really know until the right time comes."

Jess raised his head up and looked at his father's face. His father had a point. Maybe what he was feeling is just normal. Normal for a guy his age to care about his best friend. And obviously a teenaged guy like him will blush at situations where their faces are very close to each other.

"Thanks dad," he said, letting a smirk grow on his lips. "Didn't know that you could give advice like this since you've always been that sorta-"

"Well you're old man's gotten lot of experience," his father abruptly stood up and drank all the juice in his glass.
"I need to go for another shift now." He ruffled his son's hair and retreated back to the living room to kiss his wife before leaving the house.

As he watched his father's truck drive away from the land and onto the road, a realization struck him. He knew that Leslie liked to poke into his things when they were younger so it's likely that she'll still do the same thing, maybe even worser.

His eyes darted to the stairs. He had to hide it before Leslie or even May Belle could find it. Beneath his bed, was his dirty little stash... He's a boy, what would you expect.

He quickly rushed up to the stairs, not too quickly as the girls might hear him but still quick enough for he was anxious that they'd find it any minute now.


Leslie did like to poke around people's things. Well, just the people she's close to. Knowing that Jess was still downstairs and won't be coming up anytime soon, the 2 girls went around his room, trying to find for anything dirty.

"How old are you again May Belle?" Leslie asked as she opened a book from Jess's shelf.

"12," May Belle responded cheekily, opening drawers. "Why?"

Leslie shrugged her shoulders and then closed the book. "I just didn't know that 6th graders were this..."

"Dirty?" May Belle cut her off with a smirk.

"Well I was gonna say mature."

Earlier before they started snooping around, they were just having that friendly girl talk with Leslie giving girl advice to May Belle about a certain crush of hers in school. Strangely, the topic suddenly turned to Jess and then stranger things, until May Belle suggested doing something.

"Jess's 17, he's gotta have something here!" She bit her lower lip. She tried looking at his drawers, in his books, in his closets, everywhere! But they couldn't find a single thing.

On the other hand, Leslie was feeling pretty stupid about doing this to Jess's room. She looked at the closet where Jess's clothes were scattered all over the place from May Belle's rummaging. She felt pretty bad about messing up his room, even though she wasn't the one who completely messed it all up.

Leslie threw a glance over to Jess's bed, and then below it. She might've been away from the outside world for 5 years, but she pretty much had a very open mind when she was just 12.

"Did you try looking under his bed?"

May Belle's head perked up and instantly crawled to his bed before literally going under it. A few seconds later, she returned with a magazine.

A mischievous smile crept up to her lips as she raised the magazine in her hand and showed it to her. "Look what I found..." She snickered.

Jess was going to open the door to his room until he heard giggles coming from inside. He stopped in his tracks and decided to stay outside for a bit.

"Oh my god, look at this!" He heard Leslie's voice, a laugh following later.

He raised his eye brow in question as he pressed his ear to the door. They couldn't have, could they? As he continued listening to that confusing things he could hear, a voice startled him.

"What are you doing?"

Jess literally jumped up from the sound, making his head thud against the wooden door. "Mmm!" He groaned in pain, not letting the yelp escape from his mouth. He winced as he raised his head up to see who it was.

"Shhh!" He held his finger to his lips, shushing his little sister, Joyce Ann. He kneeled down to her height and looked straight at her. "Don't make any sound." He sharply whispered to her.

Joyce Ann looked at him with a puzzled expression. Instead of nodding to his words, he walked past him and knocked on the door. "Hello?"

Jess immediately grabbed her by the waist and pulled her to him. "Didn't I say to not make a sound?" He cried.

Footsteps came along before the door opened, revealing Leslie.

"Oh Jess," she chirped. Her eyes looked down at him before noticing that he was carrying a small child. Her eyes brightened at the sight of Joyce Ann.

May Belle could be seen in the room with her head poked out to see what was happening. As soon as she saw Joyce Ann, her face turned into a frown.

He stood up from his position and went inside with Joyce tagging along. His eyes looked at the floor, noticing the pile of clothes on the ground, and his books on the shelf that was supposedly to be in order.

"What did you guys do to my room?"

May Belle rolled her eyes at him. "Just a bit reorganizing, oh and this." She raised the magazine up to his face and smirked.
The contents of the magazine that she and Leslie peeked in were ... Well, disappointing for her since she thought that there'd be more.

Leslie laughed at the sight of Jess's face as he grabbed the magazine in horror. "What are you doing with-"
She cut him off with a cheeky smile. "You're magazine? Yeah we decided to snoop around a little."
She looked over to Joyce Ann who had that innocent little face ever since she got into the room.

"What's that magazine about?" She innocently asked as she pointed to the magazine.

She went over to Jess's bed where the rest of the girls were at and sat next to Leslie. May Belle looked at Joyce Ann in disgust for some reason and rolled her eyes. Noticing May Belle's behavior to Joyce, Leslie looked at Jess and gave him a look before returning her attention back to the little one.

"It's nothing." Jess simply said.
He walked to his study table and opened one of the drawers, shoving the magazine in it before locking it with a key.
There we go...

After making sure that there weren't anymore dirty stuff of his in the room, he let out a sigh in relief.

Leslie smiled as she leaned on the wall near the bed. "You're so big now!"
Joyce looked at her with an innocent face. "Have I met you before?" She asked. Of course she wouldn't remember, she was still a baby.

Hearing Joyce Ann's words, May Belle crossed her arms and rolled her eyes away before letting out a sigh.
"No, of course not," she sarcastically said. "She knows you so of course you don't know her."

"Okay May Belle, that's enough." Jess approached them to bed and ticked her on the forehead. Sometimes May Belle could be harsh to Joyce, which most of the time the older siblings would need to intervene or else Joyce would cry.

Leslie looked back at Joyce and noticed that she was glaring at May Belle, but also almost at the verge of tears.

"Really May Belle?" She said.

"What?" May Belle asked, flabbergasted as if she was some innocent little girl who didn't do anything.

May Belle tossed her head back and then rolled her eyes away. "Fine," she grunted. "Sorry Joyce." She reluctantly apologized half-heartedly to Joyce. After doing so, Joyce Ann smiled and got off the bed, taking May Belle's hand and dragging her out of the room.

As they watched Joyce Ann drag May Belle out the room and into the hallway, they heard May Belle's words of trying to stop Joyce Ann until they heard the door shut.

"What's with all that yammering about?" An annoyed Brenda yelled from her room, causing both Jess and Leslie to laugh.

With May Belle and Joyce Ann now out of the room, they were finally alone. Jess walked to the door and closed it before sitting on his arm chair.

"Joyce grew up fast huh?" Leslie grinned. She blew the strands of hair that was covering her face and then pushed it behind her ear.

"Yeah," he replied. "Almost too fast."

Jess raised his eye brow, "how'd you even know that it was her?"

Leslie shifted her position and sat crossed legged. "Well it kinda made sense. The baby back then and her and all..."

Jess shrugged his shoulders at her answer. Made sense. She met Joyce back when she was still a baby when she came to the house to wash up after Janice squirted ketchup all over her. Though it's weird how she could recognize Joyce.

She looked outside his window and noticed that the rain was now just drizzling. "The rain has stopped." She said. Jess looked over to the window and noticed it as well. "Yeah," he quietly said. "You wanna go home?"

"Well I'm sure that I have a lot of things to do later for school tomorrow." She snickered as she got up and tidied her shirt. She walked out of his room and down the stairs. Jess later took another wind breaker of his and followed her down. When he got down, wearing his jacket, he saw Leslie talking with his mother.

"Thanks for letting me stay here Mrs Aarons," Leslie smiled and put her hands behind her back. "I really appreciate it."

Mrs Aarons returned a small smile to her. She brought her hands to Leslie's shoulder and shook it gently. "I'm glad you're here."

Jess quietly crept down the stairs and wore his jacket over before getting an umbrella. He went to the door and opened it, looking over to Leslie.
"You ready?" He asked.

"You don't have to walk me back ya know." Leslie walked over to him and wore a grin. They both walked out of the house and looked at the muddy pools of puddles. Jess shook his head with a chuckle as he opened the umbrella and raised it above their heads.

He closed the door behind him.
"I insist."


"So are you actually ready?" Jess finally asked. They walked up to the stairs of the front porch where there was a roof over their heads.

Leslie raised her eye brow in question as she watched him close the umbrella. "Ready for what?"

"Tomorrow, school of course." He grinned. He knocked at the front door, waiting for one of the Burke's to answer. Leslie folded her arms to her chest and closed her eyes, thinking about his question.

"Yeah, I guess I am." She nodded.
The door then opened, revealing Judy wearing her glasses.

"Oh you're back," she looked at Leslie and noticed the different clothes she was wearing. "What happened?"

A laugh came out from Leslie's lips as she looked at Jess. "Long story mom." She smirked. Just remembering that her clothes was still back at Jess's place, she blushed.
"Oh my clothes!"

Jess looked behind him and to his house. They forgot to take Leslie's clothes along with them when they left. He then told her that he'd give it to her tomorrow morning when they meet.

After exchanging words with one another, it was time for him to leave. He grabbed his umbrella and put it over his head before walking out of the Burke's property and heading out to his house. Leslie and Judy watched him walk away as the rain poured harder.

"Come on," Judy walked back inside the living room. Leslie stayed behind for a few more minutes as she stared at Jess before he changed direction and walked back to his house.